Update docs for core-js 3 (#1987)
babel/website: docs/preset-env.md

`"usage"` | `"entry"` | `false`, defaults to `false`.

> > When using this options, you also need to configure the [`corejs`](#corejs) option.

Reviewer: Without this option, the user will see a warning that he should set `corejs` option directly and `corejs: 2` will be used by default, so the current version is correct.

> > When using this options, you also need to configure the [`corejs`](#corejs) option.

Author: This is done to match transform-runtime, which requires the corejs option to load polyfills: since the default should always be the last version but it isn't possible without breaking changes, it is better not to have a default (or warn when it is not set).

> > When using this options, you also need to configure the [`corejs`](#corejs) option.

Reviewer 2: >  so the current version is correct

I'm perfectly fine with letting the user know that stuff is changing and they _should_ set the core-js version... I'm just advocating we use slightly softer language to not give the impression that they _must_ set the version immediately, is all.

(FWIW, I personally disagree with _forcing_ the option)

> This is done to match transform-runtime, which requires the corejs option to load polyfills

Not sure I agree we need to exactly match behavior from `transform-runtime`.

> > When using this options, you also need to configure the [`corejs`](#corejs) option.

Author: > (FWIW, I personally disagree with requiring the option)

Let's discuss this in the other PR. I'm fine both with requiring or not requiring it.

I can change the wording

This option configures how `@babel/preset-env` handles polyfills.

> This option adds direct references to the `core-js` module as bare imports. For this reason, you need to install `core-js@3` or `core-js@2` (depending on the value of the [`corejs`](#corejs) option) as a dependency of your application:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When either the `usage` or `entry` options are used, `@babel-preset-env` will add direct references to `core-js` modules as bare imports (or requires). This means `core-js` will be resolved relative to the file itself and needs to be accessible.

Since `@babel/polyfill` was deprecated in 7.4.0, we recommend directly adding `core-js` and (if necessary), setting the version via the [`corejs`](#corejs) option.
```

```sh
npm install core-js@3 --save
```

#### `useBuiltIns: 'entry'`

> > NOTE: Only use `import "core-js";` and `import "regenerator-runtime/runtime";` once in your whole app.

Reviewer 2: I think we need to rework this section to note that while `@babel/polyfill` is deprecated, it still works?

**In**

```js
import "core-js/es/array";
import "core-js/proposals/math-extensions";
```

**Out (different based on environment)**

```js
import "core-js/modules/es.array.unscopables.flat";
import "core-js/modules/es.array.unscopables.flat-map";
import "core-js/modules/esnext.math.clamp";
import "core-js/modules/esnext.math.deg-per-rad";
import "core-js/modules/esnext.math.degrees";
import "core-js/modules/esnext.math.fscale";
import "core-js/modules/esnext.math.rad-per-deg";
import "core-js/modules/esnext.math.radians";
import "core-js/modules/esnext.math.scale";
```

> NOTE: When using `core-js@2` (either explicitly using the [`corejs: 2`](#corejs) option or implicitly), `@babel/preset-env` will also imports and requires of `@babel/polyfill`.
> This behavior is deprecated because it isn't possible to use `@babel/polyfill` with different `core-js` versions.

> #### `useBuiltIns: 'usage'`

Reviewer 2: As a sidenote, if we're going to remove the experimental tag here, we should enumerate all the caveats of using `usage` (e.g. `includes` doesn't work, etc) as there's lots of issues/confusion here.

Author: Well, `includes` will work after the core-js 3 pr

Reviewer 2: Ah, I must have missed that.

Does it fix it for core-js 2 (didn't see that mentioned)? If not, it's even more reason for us to enumerate the caveats depending on the version of core-js being used?

Author: I think that we both confused `@babel/preset-env` with `@babel/transform-runtime` :stuck_out_tongue: . Instance methods were already polyfilled when using `core-js@2` [repl](https://babeljs.io/repl/build/master#?babili=false&browsers=&build=&builtIns=usage&spec=false&loose=false&code_lz=GYexDoEsDsGMBsCuATApgZwNxA&debug=false&forceAllTransforms=false&shippedProposals=false&circleciRepo=&evaluate=false&fileSize=false&timeTravel=false&sourceType=script&lineWrap=true&presets=env&prettier=false&targets=&version=7.3.4)

Input:
```js
foo.includes;
```

Output:
```js
require("core-js/modules/es7.array.includes");
require("core-js/modules/es6.string.includes");

foo.includes;
```

Reviewer: @nicolo-ribaudo with `core-js@2`, `useBuiltIns: usage` had really many limitations and bugs. With `core-js@3` target a serious part of them was fixed and I think that we can remove `experimental` tag.

Reviewer: Just some examples:
```js
new Map(); // => '[object Object] - `Object#toString` definition was broken
Object.getOwnPropertySymbols; // => undefined - this definition also was broken

import(something).then(...); // => Error  - `Promise` is not polyfilled in Webpack helpers

global.Set; // => undefined

something.finally;

Promise.resolve().finally; // => most likely undefined because of incorrect polyfilling order

'values' in Object; // => false
```
and many other.

Reviewer 2: Sure, it's awesome that `usage` with `core-js@3` is much improved over the previous version, but we need to communicate to users caveats and issues with with both versions as not everyone may have the freedom or luxury to upgrade immediately.

@nicolo-ribaudo I was referring to the the `@babel/preset-env` `includes` option not working with `usage`

`"usage"` | `"entry"` | `false`, defaults to `false`.

This option configures how `@babel/preset-env` handles polyfills.

When either the `usage` or `entry` options are used, `@babel-preset-env` will add direct references to `core-js` modules as bare imports (or requires). This means `core-js` will be resolved relative to the file itself and needs to be accessible.

> 

Reviewer: The same as in `runtime` docs - I don't see any links to `core-js` documentation in this file.

Reviewer: `Built-ins` link in `include` should be updated.

#### `useBuiltIns: false`

> Don't add polyfills automatically per file, or transform `import "core-js"` to individual polyfills.

Reviewer 2: Again, I think we should be careful about wholesale removing `@babel/polyfill` references as we don't want to give the impression that support is completely gone (breaking change).

### `corejs`

> `CorejsVersion` or `{ version: CorejsVersion, proposals: boolean }`, defaults to `2`.

Reviewer 2: Thoughts on making this match an earlier edit?

```suggestion
`2|3` or `{ version 2|3, proposals: boolean }`, defaults to `2`.
```

`CorejsVersion` can be either `2` or `3`.

> This option, which can only be used when `useBuiltIns` is not `false`, configures `@babel/preset-env` to inject imports to the correct `core-js` version.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This option only has an effect when used alongside `useBuiltIns: usage` or `useBuiltIns: entry`, and ensures `@babel/preset-env` injects the correct imports for your `core-js` version.
```

> By default, only polyfills for stable ECMAScript features are injected: if you want to polyfill them, you need to set `proposals: true`.

Reviewer 2: We should explain why `proposals: true` is necessary and is different than `useShippedProposals` (which I'm still fuzzy on, personally).

`corejs: 2` only supports global variables (e.g. `Promise`) and static properties (e.g. `Array.from`), while `corejs: 3` also supports instance properties (e.g. `[].includes`).

> By default, `@babel/plugin-transform-runtime` doesn't polyfill proposals. If you are using `corejs: 3`, you can opt-in using the `proposals: true` boolean flag:

Reviewer 2: Seems unnecessary/redundant, we mention this above?

> By default, only polyfills for stable ECMAScript features are injected: if you want to polyfill them, you need to set `proposals: true`.

Author: Yeah, I think I accidentally copied these last two sentences from the transform-runtime docs

#### `useBuiltIns: false`

Don't add polyfills automatically per file, and don't transform `import "core-js"` or `import "@babel/polufill"` to individual polyfills.

### `corejs`

`2`, `3` or `{ version: 2 | 3, proposals: boolean }`, defaults to `2`.

This option only has an effect when used alongside `useBuiltIns: usage` or `useBuiltIns: entry`, and ensures `@babel/preset-env` injects the correct imports for your `core-js` version.

By default, only polyfills for stable ECMAScript features are injected: if you want to polyfill them, you have three different options:
- set the [`shippedProposals`](#shippedproposals) option to `true`. This will enable polyfills and transforms for proposal which have already been shipped in browsers for a while.
- use `corejs: { version: 3, proposals: true }`. This will enable polyfilling of every proposal supported by `core-js`.

> - when using `useBuiltIns: "entry"`, you can directly import a [proposal polyfill](https://github.com/zloirock/core-js/tree/master/packages/core-js/proposals): `import "core-js/proposals/string-replace-all"`.

Reviewer: I am not sure that this is a clear enough wording. For polyfilling proposals, `shippedProposals` and `proposals` flags make sense only for `usage`. For `entry`, makes sense the third option (and not only from `proposals` path - for example, `import "core-js"` includes import of all polyfills) without any flags.

#### `useBuiltIns: false`

> Don't add polyfills automatically per file, and don't transform `import "core-js"` or `import "@babel/polufill"` to individual polyfills.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Don't add polyfills automatically per file, and don't transform `import "core-js"` or `import "@babel/polyfill"` to individual polyfills.
```

**Builtins**

- [esnext.global-this](https://github.com/tc39/proposal-global) (only supported by `core-js@3`)

> - [esnext.string.match-all](https://github.com/tc39/proposal-string-matchall) (only supported by `core-js@3`)

Reviewer: Makes sense that will be injected only with `useBuiltIns: usage`.
